I do not want to conceal
yes even more special gear is like
For example, a transfer case for
all-wheel or a downforce for the
Concrete mixer to be driven
or a motor pump so that's what I want
do not deepen but I want to now
go on after we go and
have completed automatic transmission
and I take the standard first
drive motor and gearbox front and
drive back there I need now yes
a connecting wave namely one
Cardan shaft from the gearbox
in the beginning cases to the ax differential
the rear axle guides this cardan shaft
in the simplest case can be a simple one
wave with a cross joint because
the rear axle makes bigger
Movements up and down leaving the wave
yes, you also have to join in these movements
and that happens about a joint though
these movements are bigger
then i need two joints
arise because gelängen in these cross
so-called errors in the error I too
do not want to deepen also not so
only if they are important are important
wonder or are there two joints or
also shared carlén waves
then the reason is to look for one
Cardan shaft usually also needs a
have length compensation
that is when the rear axle is up
and downstairs because of blowholes
then you think because it's so visually
she just looks up and goes
down
in fact, it does describe one
circular arc and this arc leads
to that the Kardanwelle longer and
has to be shorter and that happens
by a sliding piece because there is
steers longest longest in the
Cardan shaft and in the opposite and
then she does not break off even split
Cardan shaft I addressed in the
grunde taken are waves all keller
maintenance-free a bit bold on the
in length compensation is not quite
wrong and the cross joints can
maybe after a long time
knock down or if water in
this stock will then get moisture
They do not last as long either
otherwise they are maintenance free
maybe they have once before
seen that there is so small sheet surface
on which no waves are welded
so inflated that are out of balance
pieces because a cardan shaft does yes
engine speed or more, think about it
the fourth direct gang or more
gears and speeds where they already
Unbalances would feel pretty strong
there will be size vibration and that
you want and have to avoid it
therefore stir this small area